How could this be?
Turn it off
Hurry up
Explain it with me
What other reason are you going to make up to lie to me?
That you were coerced?
I watch the video voluntarily
And enjoying it?
Bai Muyang, how old were you at that time?
How could you do such a thing?
Su Yang
This is the good daughter of your hundred schools of education
indiscreet
Simply shameless
Song Jiamou
You should know what kind of person you spared
He would never do such a thing.
Some people guess sad watching TV?
Yes, yes, isn't it popular to change the avatar now?
The men and women in this video?
It must be someone else
This person must be trying to sabotage the engagement party on purpose
Who is it?
Stand up for me
Mr. Han, why are you blind?
Is this person Yaoyao?
You as parents can't see it
Look at this face and this voice
Are you still so disguised?
Yaoyao, speak up
What's wrong with your family?
I don't know who posted this video
I don't know why at the engagement party
Let it out when exchanging rings
Who the hell is trying to ruin my wedding to Lamb?
You have the ability to stand up and we will face off